there's something happening to me
there's something awakening in my mind i
can't control it
what did you see
there's a crusade coming
[Applause]
do you often dream things that happen
just as you dreamed them yes
the test is simple remove your hand from
the box
and you die what's in the box
pain
[Applause]
you inherit too much power you have
proven you can rule yourself
now you must learn to rule others
something
none of your ancestors learnt
my father rules an entire planet he's
losing it
he's getting a richer one you'll lose
that one too
arrakis is a death trap
this is an extermination
[Applause]
they're picking my family off one by one
let's fight my demons
an animal caught in a trap will nor off
its own leg
to escape what will you do
[Music]
i know you
one day the legend will be born
all of civilization depends on it
the future i can see it
[Music]
i must not fear
fear is the mind killer
my lord duke where the fear is gone
only i will remain
go go
[Music]
that's me millie ordinary boring millie
i love your dress i think i saw it at a
discount bonanza
okay so i was never the most popular
homecomings this weekend
booker is gonna be at the dance and boys
never really noticed me
[Applause]
wow honestly if this was a horror movie
i'd be one of the first ones to get
killed
cue the creepy dude in the mask like i
said
but actually it turns out
where am i i didn't get killed oh my god
why do i sound like that
i woke up in the killer's body
the blissfield butcher strikes again
don't freak out you're black i'm gay we
are
so dead it's me it's millie
hill hill blissfield hi feel our glory
and our might
and not only is that psycho wearing my
body he's killing it
[Music]
he's like a wolf in sheep's clothing who
knows how many of our friends he's going
to kill are you sure this is safe
no
[Music]
oh my god it's a slaughterhouse
i have like less than six hours to swap
back or i'm gonna be stuck in his body
forever
hurry up loser i gotta take a dump i
have to admit it hasn't been all bad
i'm sorry sir i didn't mean interrupt i
move how's that feel
i'll make you wish your stupid face was
never born
oh my god did you just pee yourself
[Applause]
whoa what am i wearing i'm actually
really liking this for you
[Music]
great we're gonna get killed by murder
barbie
i can't wait to kill you time to stop
this we're in this together
i want my body back come and get it
[Music]
look i know i look like the butcher but
it's milly he's crazy okay booker can
you look at me please
will you shut up
well hello my ghouls and goblins
i know you've got your costumes picked
out for the frightful festivities
and i hope you all get more treats than
tricks
i don't need your partners
is he a good guy hubie dubois is the
nicest guy
in this town here's some happy halloween
word churches you can pass it out to the
kids thank you so much
as a trained volunteer i know what it's
like when your spooky friend gets out of
hand
[Applause]
the supermarket is selling expired bacon
janet at the library has not been
herself lately i heard a voice in the
sewer
i'm sorry i didn't recognize him
it's pretty impressive how long he's
been a loser
oh i'm messing with shoopy dubois
a salem tradition you gotta expect a
scare here or there
there's something off in this town amber
oh no
salem pd yeah
when you're a stranger faces look
what are you going to do mr dubois we're
going to do every actual 31st
make sure every city is protected
no one is saying let me save tonight so
would you lose your thermos oh
that'll never happened
anyway i'm so mystery here
oh i know who did this not now eubie
mayor i suggest we cancel halloween
immediately we ain't catching that damn
thing
this is some dateline nbc
you're the best person i know that's why
you're a hero
[Music]
help me help me
the terrace is for guests only this year
the young lady will be joining me
[Music]
what did you do at a ladies companion
maxim to winter
his wife died last year in his entire
need of company
[Music]
i'd like to never forget it
may i present mrs danvers welcome to
mandalay
never seen a house like this oh i'm
sorry i thought you'd been a lady's maid
this is all very new to me oh i'm sure
you weren't disappointed madame if
that's your concern
we did a lot of entertaining when the
late mr winter was alive
you could talk to me about her i have no
secrets from you
all marriages have their secrets
[Music]
has max ever talked to you about the
accident
i don't know what you're talking about
how am i supposed to know anything if
you don't tell me
she's still here can you feel her
are you tossing and turning all night
she was the love of his life i wonder
what she's thinking about you
taking her husband using her name
[Music]
he doesn't love you
i said i want the truth you didn't know
her
nobody did you can't go on living
in that big old house with a ghost
i don't believe in ghosts
max broke up with me pay up
hey what's going on here we bet on all
your relationships
you what yeah how do you think i afford
this lifestyle oh
you can't have a good relationship
because you're constantly mourning the
old one
you keep something from every
relationship you need some sexual
listerine
why don't you wash the taste of max out
of your mouth with the fresh minty dick
at least get rid of the ex memorabilia
lucy nick what are you doing here
i want to show you something what your
squatter i'm turning into a boutique
hotel what
what are you gonna do with this stuff
why didn't you leave it here it's like
art in a gallery
the broken heart gallery
[Music]
there are broken people out there like
me people who need to let go
and move on
[Music]
love makes you do crazy stupid
irrational things
[Music]
i think you should put your penis in his
vagina
oh i should put my penis
you have a very special nature
when we've worked hard together to
unlock
call me out
the results are normal anything you want
a flag
no no i'm fine
mom hi darling how was your chip dull
extraordinarily dull
our next contract's a big one the target
is the ceo of the largest operation in
the u.s
you'll be binding to colin tate we can't
afford any mistakes on this one
ready
what's with you today what do you mean
[Applause]
[Music]
i'm in place i can help you
finish this
what are you doing i can't pull the
trigger
i need to know i need to know what she's
done
to me please become a danger
come on i'll do it
[Music]
sometimes
a small thought all it takes
to lose control
[Music]
happy thanksgiving this time of year is
always really hard for me
because i hate my family how hot is my
wife
lower the chocolates they can see your
breasts baby
hey just want to let you know that this
is moisturizer just for the face or
oh hey ah
this is jeff sorry no big deal everyone
just like it in my top drawer except
mine's bigger
i can't believe you're seeing someone
already don't you think it's a little
quick to move on
well maybe i don't want to spend the day
stuffing my face with
sugar and regret that's the whole point
of thanksgiving
molly sugar and regret
mom why would you invite him without
asking me you two was so good together
he cheated on me well you were always
weird that way have you met my boyfriend
he is adorable i made these for us
to remember the day by did you
invite the lesbian for me how do you
know she's a lesbian i don't know
she has a chain wallet what's going on
well i haven't made out with anyone yet
this whole year okay come here
okay oh does this look vegan to you no i
did
uh it doesn't smell vegan because it
smells good yeah
there's shrooms oh my goodness and we
haven't even had our appetizers
[Applause]
everyone knows you don't give babies
nuts you didn't realize the pink it was
a nut
who's gonna carve this turkey maybe
molly should carve the turkey
you know in the in the name of feminism
you know i'd love to carve the turkey is
that okay i like a man who knows how to
handle his turkey
well then you should see what i can do
with my turkey
sometimes i need the silence and it's
just the ocean and i
i choose ocean because it was part of my
life
from what i remember as a child
[Music]
i felt that i was home i have phone home
and it was the ocean
that was a very big moment for me to go
back
[Music]
i'll talk myself i need to go face my
fear and i need to do this
she's better than me she's got my
character
her blood is belgian children
are natural explorers if you just think
like a kid
anything's possible i want to be a world
champion
be the best and a professional server
i know that everything is gonna change
this is the time of change and i'm
excited for it
[Applause]
[Music]
carlos
what is
[Music]
is
uh
carlos
[Music]
hello
[Applause]
[Music]
a guide to lovemaking i don't think we
didn't touch tracy's boob
oh okay
amber what's for lunch carpet not today
your mum's getting shampooed
oh do you throw a rocker b i'll go out
with you what
do you want to go out or not okay
what the hell what are you doing you're
gay
okay for boobs i'm not gay yes you are
so am i we pretend to go out
just until school is over we're going to
dublin
[Music]
[Applause]
hi
[Music]
hey you are the only boy in the world
i'm glad i did
you know you can tell me anything and i
will love you
no matter what
you down jesus this must be what the
inside of your gay brain looks like
[Music]
i never fit in
never could win this isn't the life you
wanted
though i tried and tried it'll be better
for you
i fell in love with country music when i
was a little girl when you let me hear
you play
if you're too scared to perform them
songs
[Music]
i received another letter
immigration and customs enforcement we
have a word to search does anyone else
here reside with you is there anyone who
lives here no
no one resides with you no other
residents hey
they take everything away i don't even
have a name anymore
[Music]
we already have one daughter we don't
need another one
[Music]
[Applause]
quietly into the night and i sing to the
light of day
okay one two
three hello this is jack and sue
we are going offline for one whole week
i would love to do something tangible i
want to figure out who i am but we will
be back
june 9. no laptops no phones no
connecting to anything
thank you i've been restoring my
grandfather's cabin upstate
actually you all should go up there i
mean
that'll be great yeah we're not checking
our email either guys
and we're not kidding okay bye world
okay bye guys thank you
so nice nice
you're a genius
now we'll close our eyes and just feel
each other
okay feel with your brain
we don't have any skills
the urge to take out my phone is very
strong i've been wanting to youtube how
to make a trap to catch a rabbit
so bad shooting stars oh my
god did that one hit the earth
what is that is this one near the wall
the poof i don't know
probably oh my god what the f
what is happening we need to turn our
phones back on
[Applause]
sorry making a smoothie listen it's
getting weird here in new york
serena hello are you there oh there's
some kind of alien very
dangerous aliens
[Music]
the poof is in the cabinet move on the
what did couch connery say to the
hostage
who had a beard i came here to shave you
are we gonna have to shave ourselves
you're actually gonna go to the wood
pile and get the axe i'm gonna go into
the cabin get the grab bags by the door
and then we'll wing back in the car in
the reverse
okay reverse go to the wood pile go back
to the door get the gold bags get
outside they look together
are you listening or are you repeating
can't you go to the house
just one more time
every journey has its road and every
road sooner or later comes to a crossing
a sudden juncture and only one choice to
make
that crossing arrived for us too but no
one could have imagined
that it would change our fates forever
it's show time he called it the nocturne
wanderer it feeds
off of blood and liquids like a vampire
or a leech
[Music]
stop until it's finished
huh